this is Clint Walker I'm going to
attempt to teach you some tricks step 1
approach the rail with a little bit of
an angle pop into it when I think about
getting into a front all I think about
is hitting my tail on the side the ledge
or the rail and just smacking it that
way because you don't want to miss you
you don't want to miss and then go over
so I think if I just hit my tail on the
side and then once you're in then you
sit in it
you're going to make sure you get your
wheels over the rail though because if
you don't get your wheels over the rail
you're going to front board and you
up and so I'd say just smack your tail
sit on it as long as you can and then
pop out you don't wanna fall out it
looks stupid so pop out regular fakie
however you wanna go
yeah cheap pop into it hit your tail and
then I like kind of keep my shoulders
open to where you can like see we're
sliding and then just try to pop it out
the better you pop out the better it's
going to look I'd say the most common
mistake with the front blunts is for
with me at least is not getting my
chrome wheels over it and I go in the
front board which is the worst thing you
can do so definitely make sure you get
your wheels over the rail or over the
ledge because going into from where on
one side sup and go fast
the key to sliding from once far on
anything is just going fast but that
kind of goes without saying I mean the
faster you go the farther you're going
to travel so push faster think that's it
just approach it a little bit an angle
pop in
make sure your tail locks in make sure
your wheels are over the rail stay on
top of it keep your shoulders turn pop
out roll leg with speed I don't know go
check your Instagram and post a
photo of yourself doing it you want to
know how to nollie first off I'm gonna
want to learn
you